Add tutorial/article on Karatsuba's implementation (#129)
clash-lang/clash-lang.org: content/blog/2026-05-06-karatsuba.md

`SNat` is a particularly important type as it enables us to reify type-level
values (specifically [`Nat`](https://hackage-content.haskell.org/package/clash-prelude-1.8.4/docs/Clash-Prelude.html#t:Nat))
and use them at term-level.

A small example to demonstrate `snatToInteger` and `SNat`:
```haskell
-- Could be any Nat defined in a more complex way.
type Length = 6

-- Will always return `Length` but as a term-level value, 6 in this example.
length :: Unsigned 32
length = fromInteger (snatToInteger (SNat :: SNat Length))
```

But `compareSNat` lends itself to model more complex behaviours:
```haskell
circuit :: Unsigned n -> Unsigned n
circuit x = case compareSNat (SNat :: SNat Length) (SNat :: SNat 8) of
  SNatLE -> x * x
  _      -> x + x
```
`circuit` will behave like multiplication if `Length < 8`, and like addition
otherwise.

In our implementation, this `case` block enables us to control recursion:
```haskell
  = case ( compareSNat (SNat :: SNat (n + m)) (SNat :: SNat regBound)
         , compareSNat (SNat :: SNat 4) (SNat :: SNat s)
         ) of
      (SNatGT, SNatLE) -> ... -- Actual Karatsuba stuff with recursive calls.
      _                -> extend x * extend y
```

> If the sum of the sizes is bigger than `regSize` and the maximum of both
> sizes is more than 4, Clash generates the circuit for Karatsuba's algorithm,
> otherwise it simply generates the circuit for `(*)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the sum of the sizes is bigger than `regBound` and `s` is more than 4, Clash generates the circuit for Karatsuba's algorithm,
otherwise it simply generates the circuit for `(*)`.
```

There is no context here (yet) that "the maximum of both sizes" = s, that's only given a little later down.
So I think for this paragraph is better to just replace  "the maximum of both sizes" with s.
And also regSize should be regBound.

        (yₕᵢ, yₗₒ) = bitCoerce $ resize y

        xₛ, yₛ :: Unsigned (High s + 1)
        xₛ = resize xₕᵢ + resize xₗₒ
        yₛ = resize yₕᵢ + resize yₗₒ

        -- Here are the recursive calls to the circuit.
        -- These calls act on strictly smaller Nats than n and m.
        z₀, z₁, z₂ :: Unsigned ((High s + 1) + (High s + 1))
        z₀ = resize $ karatsuba regBound xₗₒ yₗₒ
        z₂ = resize $ karatsuba regBound xₕᵢ yₕᵢ
        z₃ = karatsuba regBound xₛ yₛ
        z₁ = z₃ - z₂ - z₀

      -- The base case for the recursion, for when we've reached the final size.
      _ -> extend x * extend y
```

### Sequential

Same as for the combinational version, we'd like to be able to parametrize over
the recursion depth. However, in this case, we'll have to take care of how we
handle temporal behaviour.

Our sequential circuit has the following signature:
```haskell
karatsubaSequential ::
  forall (n :: Nat) (m :: Nat) (dom :: Domain).
  (KnownNat n, KnownNat m, HiddenClockResetEnable dom) ->
  forall stages   -> KnownNat stages =>
  forall regBound -> KnownNat regBound =>
  Channel dom (Unsigned n, Unsigned m) ->
  Channel dom (Unsigned (n + m))
```

> [`Channel`](https://github.com/clash-lang/clash-crypto/blob/main/src/Clash/Signal/Channel.hs#L113)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`Channel`](https://github.com/clash-lang/clash-crypto/blob/f597950f584cc6b141d46d48178424fd45c05e52/src/Clash/Signal/Channel.hs#L113)
```

By linking to a specific commit the line 113 always points to the Channel type.
Even when the file on main changes, or if the module is taken out of clash-crypto and moved to some other package.

is an extension of `Signal` that enables us to track when a circuit has finished
computing (also maintaining the output stable). Here, it helps us orchestrate
the inputs and outputs to the subcircuits, by knowing when one of them
terminates. It is meant to be interacted with through the primitives defined in

> the `Clash.Signal.Channel` module in `clash-crypto`.

Reviewer: I initially missed that the `Channel` at the start of this paragraph was a link, and was going to suggest that you link to the source code.
But maybe `Clash.Signal.Channel` and/or `clash-crypto` could be links too?
